"For me, to come to some building, and as well as all the other great false measures, all those
great beings of that time, and that teaching is continually spreaded and continually concated with
all the schools of Tibetan Buddhism, so everyone really, the Medicine Buddha is practicing becomes
so popular, and every, of course, this teaching lineage comes from, then, the great Master Shandala
Chakra.
And then in the nimma teaching, also continually, that was not known as considered as all of
transmission lineage, known as kama lineage, is continually.
In the nimma, although in the nimma teaching there is a lot of medicine Buddha text teachings, and
that will connect with, specifically, to the Murugam Mahasambhava.
And Murugam Mahasambhava is no other than also the Buddha Chaturman himself, again, in the poem,
the Murugam Mahasambhava.
And again, to demonstrate to the followers, Murugam Mahasambhava practiced meditative and rich
enlightenment, even though he is himself as Buddha Chaturmani or the Buddha Amitabha.
But he practiced the medicine Buddha, known as the urban medical park in India, known as the urban
medicine forest, medical forest, where Murugam Mahasambhava practiced it.
At that time, the 16-up, like, great healing dakinis appeared, gave the teaching to Murugam Mahas
ambhava, and Murugam Mahasambhava himself then become as inseparable as the meditative Buddha.
And then when Murugam Mahasambhava came to bed, and he continually began to give the teachings on
the medicine Buddha, and then known as the old medicine Buddha of Murugam Mahasambhava, known as
the meditative Buddha of Murugam Mahasambhava.
And there's many, again, he give the teaching, those teaching.